The next method.
The very simple, easiest method is the test method.
This method tests for a match and returns.
True or false?
The syntax is like this regular expression pattern dot test and we give a string.
This string is a value in which you want the search to be performed.
The pattern is a pattern of regular expression That is something which you want to search.
And of course it returns true if match found otherwise returns false.
Let's try it practically.
I'll declare variable str with some string.
I'll say let pattern is equal to is that is something which I want to search and I'll say pattern or
test.
As you can see, that it returns true because the word is existing in the string.
Let's try one more example where it should return false.
I'll replace is with now, which is not existing in the str variable.
Now if I run this, you can see that it returns false.
All right.
So this is all for the regular expression methods.